Pipeline: output: forward: style (#1940)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/forward.md

# Forward

_Forward_ is the protocol used by [Fluentd](http://www.fluentd.org) to route messages between peers. The `forward` output plugin provides interoperability between [Fluent Bit](http://fluentbit.io) and [Fluentd](http://fluentd.org).
There are no configuration steps required besides specifying where [Fluentd](http://fluentd.org) is located, which can be a local or a remote destination.

This plugin offers the following transports and modes:

- Forward (TCP): It uses a plain TCP connection.
- Secure Forward (TLS): when TLS is enabled, the plugin switch to Secure Forward mode.

## Configuration parameters

> The following parameters are mandatory for either Forward for Secure Forward modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parameters are mandatory for both Forward and Secure Forward modes:
```
